NAME
        CurrencyConverter - Terminal based converter program
        Version: 0.1

DESCRIPTION

        A simple currency converter written in python. Using an API to have
        fresh information every day. The program only updates once per day.

        You dont need special information to acces the program.

        Tested in:
          Elementary-OS 5.1.7
          Kernel: 5.4.0-80-generic
          Shell: fish 2.7.1

          Python version: 3.6.9

LICENSE
         GPL-3.0-or-later
         2021 Kovács Norbert <mfw.kovacs.norbert@gmail.com>

MENU
        [Q] Exit
            Press 'q' or 'Q' to exit from the program. If you have changed any
            settings, the program will automaticly save them for you.

        [0] Currency exchange
            The program will ask for an input from you. Type a value you need
            to convert. You can type a currency type next to the value as well.

            Make sure, to use a 'space' as a separator. ('123.4 eur')

            If you didn't specify any currency type, the program will ask for
            it.

            After you typed a correct currency, you need to type the target
            currency type.

            The program will print out the result, and save the operation.

        [1] List all currencies
            The program will print out all the available currencies under each
            other.

        [2] View stored conversions
            You need to specify the filter option.

            - View all
              Lists all saved information
            - Filter by date
              After you specify a date, its listing all of the saved information
              which has the date you entered
            - Filter by currency
              After you specify the currency type, its listing all of the
              information containing that specific currency

        [3] Settings
            You have the option to customize the program behavior to your
            liking.

            - Change language
              You can change the language of the program while running. The
              setting will be saved after quitting
              Available languages: english, hungarian

            - Turn functions on/off
              You can turn on or off some built in functions.

              - List result list when converting:
                Collects data from your previous conversions, and use them as a
                guide to show you all the results in a list. You can still
                specify a currency after.

              - List recenty/mostly used currencies:
                Collects data from your previous conversions, and use them as a
                guide to show you all the previously used currencies, to help
                you while converting.

            - Currency bar settings
              If the option [List recently/mostly used currencies] is off
              the program will warn you about it.

              You can choose between two methods to collect data from your
              previous conversions.

              - Mostly used currencies
                This option will calculate the mostly used currencies (5 max)
                from the saved information, and use them while listing.

              - Recently used currencies
                This option will collect the lastly used currencies (5 max)
                from the saved information, and use them while listing.

            - Clear history
              You have the option to delete all of the saved information
              about previous currency exchanges.

            - Watch settings
              You have the option to watch all of the settings values from the
              settings menu.

        [3] Help
            Shows this help file.

AUTHOR
        Written by Norbert Kovács
        E-mail: mfw.kovacs.norbert@gmail.com
